Add message that grid snapshots are not automated. (#9428)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-webint-snap.md

The Pro Staging and Production environments receive regular backups for disaster recovery purposes by default, see [Pro Backup & Disaster Recovery]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/architecture/pro-architecture.html#backup-and-disaster-recovery). However, these backups are not publicly accessible because they are stored in a separate system. You can open a ticket to request a backup with a specific date, time, and timezone. Then we can extract it from the external system and provide it to you.

> {:.bs-callout-warning}

Reviewer: This suggestion is optional, but what if we present this as a tip? There is a suggestion here about setting up a cron job and I think it's a really good candidate for a positive Tip with a green checkmark.

```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-tip}
```

> Snapshots for Starter and Pro Integration environments are not taken automatically.  It is the your responsibility to take manual snapshots or setup a con job to automatically take snapshots for these environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snapshots for Starter and Pro Integration environments are different from Pro backup and disaster recovery backups. Snapshots are **not** automatic. It is _your_ responsibility to manually create a snapshot or set up a con job to periodically take snapshots of your Starter or Pro Integration environments.
```
